# Options

`json-schema-to-typescript` is very flexible, you can customise it with options.

## Compile Options

`compileFromFile` and `compile` accept options as their last argument (all keys are optional):

### `additionalProperties`

Default value for `additionalProperties`, when it is not explicitly set.

Default: `true`

### `bannerComment`

Disclaimer comment prepended to the top of each generated file.

When no banner specified, it adds:

```ts
/* eslint-disable */
/**
 * This file was automatically generated by json-schema-to-typescript.
 * DO NOT MODIFY IT BY HAND. Instead, modify the source JSON Schema file,
 * and regenerate this file.
 */
```

### `customName`

Custom function to provide a type name for a given schema.

### `cwd`

Root directory for resolving [`$ref`](https://tools.ietf.org/id/draft-pbryan-zyp-json-ref-03.html)

Default: `process.cwd()`

### `declareExternallyReferenced`

When enabled, declare external schemas referenced via `$ref`.

### `enableConstEnums`

When enabled, prepend enums with [`const`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/enums.html#computed-and-constant-members).

Default: `true`

### `inferStringEnumKeysFromValues`

Create enums from JSON enums with eponymous keys.

Default: `false`

### `ignoreMinAndMaxItems`

Ignore maxItems and minItems for `array` types, preventing tuples being generated.

Default: `false`

### `maxItems`

Maximum number of unioned tuples to emit when representing bounded-size array types, before falling back to emitting unbounded arrays. Increase this to improve precision of emitted types, decrease it to improve performance, or set it to `-1` to ignore `maxItems`.

Default: `20`

### `strictIndexSignatures`

Append all index signatures with | undefined so that they are strictly typed.

Default: `false`

### `style`

A [Prettier](https://prettier.io/docs/en/options.html) configuration.

The default configurations:

```js
{
  bracketSpacing: false,
  printWidth: 120,
  semi: true,
  singleQuote: false,
  tabWidth: 2,
  trailingComma: 'none',
  useTabs: false
}
```

### `unknownAny`

Use `unknown` instead of `any` where possible.

Default: `false`

### `unreachableDefinitions`

Generates code for `$defs` that aren't referenced by the schema.

Default: `false`

### `$refOptions`

[$RefParser](https://github.com/APIDevTools/json-schema-ref-parser) Options, used when resolving `$ref`s
